a San Diego town on the verge of
disappearing forever and it may have
been rescued by a nudist new at five ten
News reporter Joe little reveals how
this man hopes to return to her khumba -
it's hot springs silver screen heyday
about an hour down Interstate 80 it's a
very sleepy town called a combi long
forgotten by most of San Diego the town
at one point had 5,000 people had seven
gas stations now the last gas station is
closed
US Route 80 is mostly history past one
side of it looks like an abandoned
western town with fresh asphalt the town
has gone into decline enter Dave Landman
hey guys the businessman bought her
combi yes the entire town last year and
renamed it Hakam the hot springs ten
News visited Landman last summer when he
started refurbishing the hakama hot
springs spa one of the last businesses
in town going on two years since the
prior owners abandoned the property
Wednesday the spa reopened complete with
natural earth heated hot spring pools
that used to attract Hollywood's elite
half a century ago WC Fields Mae West I
mean all that that error came up for the
water well so you guys haven't touched
the water this is straight out of the
earth there's a straight out of the
earth now buying the entire town of
Okuma is not layman's first real estate
venture he also owns a nudist colony
right down the road
total freedom it's just it's a great way
to live but clothing is required on the
streets of okoma hot springs and the
locals love the fact that layman is
using the spa to hopefully turn the town
around we need the money yeah Lana just
needs his spot attracted crowds it did
fifty years ago then he can start
working on the next project in town
we're open for a lot of suggestions
right now in her combi hot springs and
just to be clear this is a clothing
required pool yes it is Joe little 10
News Landman bought a majority of the
property and buildings in hakam but he
says he's gonna wait for the spa to take
off before tackling his next venture